WEBDEV 42. Migrate to nuxt and vue 3 (#197)
empathyco/labs-imagine-your-data: README.md

# generate static project
$ npm run generate
```
> [!TIP]

> > You need the version 18 or greater for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You need the version 18 or greater for building this project.
```
